# Data science Portfolio

Repository containing portfolio of data science projects completed by me for academic, self learning, and hobby purposes. Presented in the form of iPython Notebooks, and R markdown files 

[Graduating_Project](/Graduating_Project/): Transfer Learning combined with statistical analysis to answer the question " Will Restaurant sentiments change due to a Mass Shooting?"

Machine learning Projects
  1. [Product Demand forecasting and Customer segmentation](/Customerseg/): Thus, it is in Retailer’s interest to forecast the demand of the products based on the trends in past transactions and at the same time obtain customer segments by considering their demographics and past purchases for target marketing.
  2. [Bankrupt or Not ](/BankruptorNot/): Predicting given Firm is going to Bankrupt or not using Financial Data. The given data contains financial ratios of various firms and the target attribute tells whether the firm has got bankrupt in the subsequent years or not.
  3. [Customer Revenue Prediction](CustomerRevenue.R): The CRM team of retail store wants to understand the influence of given attributes on the revenue generated by the customers and to come up with a predictive model which helps to know the revenue (Amount) of a given customer using the model.
  4. [Heart Disease Classification](HeartDisease.R): A Healthcare organization together with a couple of government hospitals in a city has collected information about the vitals that would reveal if the person might have a coronary heart disease in the next ten years or not. Given the data, we need to develop appropriate models to identify/predict if the person likely to have heart disease or not.
 
 Social Media Intelligence 
  1. [Sentiment and Network Analysis of Different groups on Autonomous Vehicles](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2rpo1ddK0UOZ3pHcnNSVXVCNDgtQWpNNUxqTElCV3I0bEZB/view?usp=sharing): The aim of this project is to find people’s, governments’ and companies’ opinion regarding autonomous vehicles by performing Sentiment and Network Analysis using Twitter dataset.

Kaggle Kernals

 1. [Household Load Forecasting-Stats+LSTM+Prophet](https://www.kaggle.com/yaswanthkumar/household-load-forecasting-stats-lstm-prophet): Load forecasting using Holt-Winters, ARIMA, Long Short-Term Memory Networks(LSTM), and Facebook's Prophet.
 2. [Comprehensive Tutorial on Churn Modelling](https://www.kaggle.com/yaswanthkumar/comprehensive-tutorial-on-churn-modelling): Churn Modelling using classification algorithms and producing rules for targetted Marketing.
